I'll be really good to show you a
typical Perigord a meal the sort of meal
that an ordinary family has on holidays
feast days birthdays and things like
that so we found in our usual way by
tripping around the place we ran into
somebody called Madame moolah and her
husband Monsieur Moo dad were farmers
and they open up their house from time
to time for visitors to come and sample
the simple country food the reason
anyway she's one of those ladies a bit
of a tart a bit precise doesn't like
film crews interrupting her work that
she takes very seriously so I didn't get
on with him while I'm just sitting here
having a slight glass of wine and later
on when she's ready and if she's in a
better more bit of a better mood we'll
try and get in and see exactly what
she's doing
husbands please note the happy
acquiescent attitude of monsieur moulin
sitting here pretending to be helping
his wife making the soup one word from
her like on the weight and he was there
a Breeden's of anything she made us this
amazing soup it's just sort of bacon
cabbage water and onions thickened with
egg yolks looks absolutely a porn you
pour it over the stale bread
surprisingly enough it tastes absolutely
delicious
in Perigord they call this soup that om
mrs. Beeton calls it soup for the poor
and needy however it is very good but
much less good was this dreadful dish of
stewed gizzards made with mr. Mullens
homemade red wine it was foul - pardon
the pun what is particularly good
however is the confit de canard
wonderful pieces of duck preserved in
its own fat reheated in the of until
it's golden crispy and fatty and it's
absolutely superb but it's best in the
winter okay this is what we're doing
here is making what we call a very
simple Perigord el omelette of SEPs you
see wild mushrooms clive come down have
a close look at these sets which have
been preserved over them over the winter
in their own juices and now they're
being passed through them let's get up
sorry about that
it's look right we'll start again okay
I've already had a ride with the crew
this morning the lighting man isn't
feeling very well I'm trying to speak in
two languages for five different people
don't understand any damn thing and the
fats getting too hot right starting from
the top Clive you
we don't you stay with me nicely these
are SEPs wild mushrooms which have been
preserved throughout the winter in their
own juices in an airtight container
we've just put them into the oven with
some goose fat and warm them through
we've chopped into that some fresh
garlic and some fresh parsley and now
using the typical fat of the region with
the old dragon peering over my shoulder
which is goose fat by the way we put it
onto the stove like that
that's the mitt so you must be we all
know that okay don't put concept right
now we've already put salt and pepper in
is on patience anyway okay this is a
very important and here we go we're
making a final fluffy omelette these are
free-range eggs by the way notice a
little bit like that service over wrong
no I've got a mixer perception to their
sunsets that means killed acceptors
sunsets but do say oh yes I'm all in
because this is for demonstration
purposes only and she wants to keep the
ones for her own lunch right and it's
like that and we loosen the film maybe
photos and we must leave the almost a
little tiny bit runny in the middle
otherwise it won't be good enough and we
then just fold it some way so that's our
way I like her to come to England and
cook us cook a roast beef and Yorkshire
pudding with my mother standing over her
shoulder like that
sepi annual per visit that's you're a
born me is that the storyboard the
presentation is good makes em on Corrado
steady or mushroom I feel good if it I'm
Alan one where an easy anything if
you're so good you cook it okay
boom five you just stare a second please
we are now going to see a real on the
concept set by lamb it fester said super
Burmese on madam mullah ladies and
gentlemen I present on the cassette
cooked by Adam Luna she cooked hers on
both sides but that is a sort of action
if I may say so a peasant way of cooking
an omelet because that omelet will be
can be served cold and it's tougher and
stronger could be carried into the
fields the way I made mine was more in
line with where you'd like to have your
dinner parties with a softer fluffier
interior I won't dispute with her whose
was the best both have the same good
ingredients two different ways okay